[ACS-7600] [FE] Legal Hold in ADW. Part 1 (without Bulk) (#10021)
Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components: lib/js-api/src/api/gs-core-rest-api/README.md

*.GssitesApi* | [**deleteRMSite**](docs/GssitesApi.md#deleteRMSite) | **DELETE** /gs-sites/rm | Delete the Records Management (RM) site
*.GssitesApi* | [**getRMSite**](docs/GssitesApi.md#getRMSite) | **GET** /gs-sites/rm | Get the Records Management (RM) site
*.GssitesApi* | [**updateRMSite**](docs/GssitesApi.md#updateRMSite) | **PUT** /gs-sites/rm | Update the Records Management (RM) site

> *.LegalHoldApi* | [**getHolds**](docs/LegalHoldApi.md#getHolds) | **GET** /file-plans/{filePlanId}/holds | Get legal hold list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*.LegalHoldApi* | [**getHolds**](docs/LegalHoldApi.md#getHolds) | **GET** /file-plans/{filePlanId}/holds | Gets the list of holds available in the file plan
```
